MIT License

Copyright (c) 2024 Packet Sniffer Team

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

IMPORTANT SECURITY AND LEGAL NOTICE:

This software is designed for network analysis and monitoring purposes. Users
are responsible for ensuring they comply with all applicable laws and
regulations regarding network monitoring in their jurisdiction.

WARNING: This software requires administrative privileges and can capture
network traffic. Only use this software on networks you own or have explicit
written permission to monitor. Unauthorized network monitoring may violate
local, state, federal, or international laws.

The developers of this software assume no responsibility for any misuse of
this tool or any legal consequences that may arise from its use. Users are
solely responsible for ensuring their use of this software complies with all
applicable laws and ethical guidelines.

PRIVACY NOTICE:

This software processes network packets locally and does not transmit any
captured data to external servers. However, exported files containing network
data should be handled with appropriate security measures as they may contain
sensitive information.

DISCLAIMER:

This software is provided for educational and legitimate network
administration purposes only. It should not be used for any illegal or
unethical activities including but not limited to unauthorized network
monitoring, data interception, or privacy violations.